https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zNtAoZDEvK6kMUMwrc9jUMyhMFCdsp_9cnHDMynqO8k/edit?usp=sharing
go here first if you can: ^

raw if unable:
So it was like a fable that I did hear, one day in my schooling, a scholarly instructor said a queue is something like a French bakery. When in a queue, one leaves the queue after having traveled all the way through the length of the queue at their individual time of entering the queue. That is to say, an entry begins at the back of a series of values, and only advances when the front of the series is removed. This is merely one of the many ways a stream of inputs can be logically processed. The goal with processing inputs can range, but often concerns regarding sequence (the chronological order in which they arrived to be processed) are of particular note when considering the way data is used.
	One such example of the importance of order of arrival is that of a calculator, which is further explored in this piece and elaborated with the accompanying code files. Imagine, if you will, a person is to input an equation into a calculator. If one is to folly such that even one button is out of sequence relative to the intended equation, it can create undesired results. With this syntax of order being so clearly obstructive, people have considered other ways to order equations.
	In traditional Western practice, numbers are arranged with their intended operations between them, spliced as we need. This is referred to as infix notation. The operators are ‘fixed in’ to the understanding. Another form of this operational sequencing is postfix notation, where the numbers would be read first, followed by the operations. Infix notation and prefix notation necessitate the inferred existence of a prefix notation, wherein the operations precede the numbers they’re affecting. An example visual is provided.
	Overall, we have found that the most agreeably efficient way to store information is what we call a “stack.” Similar to the queue, it is a sequence of information, however new values enter at the front of the line, and ‘push down’ other values to make room. The classic example is a stack of plates, the plate added most recently is the plate to be used first. 
	Building a reverse polish notation calculator proved more difficult than I had originally anticipated. It was a toilsome effort, and I feel no great reward at the end of this conquest.

